# Battleship Final Project
This Battleship project is the first program that I created independently in my Introduction to Programming I class. In the project I wanted to demonstrate that I could open and close files as well as read and write to files, use arrays, and use if statements and loops. This program serves the user with a game board, and then the user enters coordinates to try and guess where the ships are located. The game continues until the user has sunk all the ships, or until the user has guessed all the spaces (except where the ships are located). The program outputs if the user hits a ship, misses a ship, has sunk a ship (it also states the given ships name), has already guessed coordinate, enters an invalid coordinate, has won the game, or has used up all their guesses.

### What I Would Change Now:
If I recreated this project, I would not create hard coded game boards. I would have the computer's board randomly generated with ships and give the user the ability to create their own game board and have the computer try and sink their ships. I would also create an identifier for each ship type, so that I wouldn't need a function to determine which type of ship has been sunk. There were also times that I changed a symbol on the game board, by checking if a specific coordinate or set of coordinates had been hit. I would change this so at the beginning of each game I would record where each player’s ships were and then check against those values. However, the main thing that I would change about this program is the formatting. As this was my first programming class formatting was not taught as a necessary component, as the professors were mainly trying to teach us how all the pieces of a program function without having us worry about structure


